HATE SPEECH AWARENESS

Hate speech, as defined by the Council of
Europe, covers all forms of expression which
spread, incite, promote or justify racial hatred,
xenophobia, anti-Semitism or other forms of
hatred based on intolerance, including:
intolerance expressed by aggressive
nationalism and ethnocentrism, discrimination
and hostility against minorities, migrants and
people of immigrant origin.


SOCIAL MEDIA GUIDELINES ON HATEFUL CONDUCT

You may not promote violence against or
directly attack or threaten other people on the
basis of:
race • ethnicity • national origin •
sexual orientation • gender • gender identity •
religious affiliation • age • disability • or disease.
Violent threats (direct or indirect):
You may not make threats of violence or
promote violence.
What do you do if you see hate speech or
dangerous speech online?
Take a screenshot of potential hate
speech on facebook, twitter, Whatsapp
message or video including the comments as
evidence.
If you do respond to published comments that
you may consider unfair always be accurate
and professional. Remember to be authentic,
constructive and respectful.
Stay polite in tone and respectful of individuals’
opinions, especially when discussions become
heated. Show proper consideration for other
people’s privacy.


#ThinkB4UClick. Share Responsibly

Responsibility on social media is
something many users overlook because you
are hidden behind a screen. Behind every social
media message is a person with a conviction,
an intention, a certain mindset.
Are your personal convictions contributing to
the betterment of society, your neighbour’s
wellbeing and your country? Are you standing
up for justice, tolerance and understanding?
Whenever you can make a stand, do so with
compassion, and you will make a difference!
How we respond to these messages changes
us from passive consumers of technology to
active and conscious creators and generators
of change.
For every negative message you
receive, send two positive messages.
You have the power. Use it wisely!
